pings: Add changeset data (#10591)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/pings.md

  - Code intelligence events (e.g., hover tooltips) 
  - Searches using each search mode (interactive search, plain-text search)
  - Searches using each search filter (e.g. "type:", "repo:", "file:", "lang:", etc.)
- Campaign usage data
  - Total count of created campaigns

>   - Total count of campaign changesets generated by actions
>   - Total count of campaign changesets generated by actions that have been merged

Reviewer: I don't hink a user reading this will understand what "generated by actions" means, since actions in the context of campaigns don't generate changesets but patches.

```suggestion
  - Total count of changesets created by campaigns
  - Total count of changesets created by campaigns that have been merged
```
